roll out into gear if you look far ahead the holiday fair
very often the train driver does this by simply releasing gas and the
motor corp out pelts the country to come out
in the gear on the top 100 let the car brake on the boat
carefully start the engine at that time without fuel
for the recovery the company stands at a idle speed a fire on it
oil platform is not remote in this way has the engine
no fuel consumed during braking makes connoisseurs happy
the
the new driving and the cornering after the new driving
has nothing to do with power supplied by the local absolutely not like you
in built-up areas it is often in third gear
that is something that we always saw by making three nowadays often already
it is very easy or as in zeist
try a test drive and experience the car with a vending machine
that the machine only switches in 2012, we just have to go through the city and
race now if on with the automatic mode you can let that run a bit
you have your desired speed remains that switch now as smoothly as I can
the capital sanaa it is just like the rotunda for talent the third position
takes it so much easier smoother you save 5 to
10 percent fuel when driving in built-up areas
it is global and keep a distance if all those players are the first to do that
does it mean that we drive together little
moment in which we do not know what is going to happen around us in short what
anticipatory driving
You should always have competition class
the three for the last three behind from the borinage I am too heavy central park
in which the traffic is constantly monitored by jan greve and
controlled in terms of distance many people had too little distance
It is often the cause of tail-tail collision
all would say let's examine what for the aldermen 60 meters away
your predecessor will shorten the number of kilometers that the people
predecessor and that is safer than you may want to anticipate driving the gas in time
letting go
switch back now only if you have built the space around you here is the
saving actually achieved optimum roads
The correct tire pressure is of the utmost importance when using the
the car applying the new driving regularly check the tire pressure
what the tire pressure for the lotus can be found in the tent on at
On the Feyenoord premise of this car the city is important to us
tire for the design and construction of it can be that means the car
has driven less than three kilometers
to come to an optimal rest
A tip for applying power to the car fails so few rows
possible with open windows even on the be saved by the car
when you get into the car when you get in the hot car it is better than expected
make the outside temperature equal to the inside temperature as quickly as possible
but due to the air conditioning to work less hard
by the way, those jerks coming up all day as the desired temperature
You can safely switch off
That saves you 8 to 10 percent more demand
also the rear window heating is an emission use that is certainly 50,000 extra
fuel costs
the time that the weight of the car matters that you don't need in the car
extra weight and tool cabinets look forward to that
all those from the car are used every ten kilos of extra weight as you have heard
for unloading
in ten liters per 100 kilometers
using the cruise control when new driving you can use a lot of fuel
save
by making frequent use of it for cruise control and not just on it
the Postelmans motorway actually always do but I am in the built-up area
you can also make the best use of google i think everything is bumpy
although what goes by car it is a hit on the right foot
the road the gas pedal that his sixes use at other than last year or
maybe it will enable the rest of the money to use well
the highest gear there are people who switch to 5 to 6 on the
motorway
but on 80 km roads and outside built-up areas I know that of course
just an application
the
what the extra fuel costs to get the car of the couple was a driver
is it a fun sport
on roundabouts
to try such anticipatory driving is a dutch roundabout can take that
means you without waiting
be able to drive immediately over the roundabout
do not forget to indicate that in a timely and clear direction
prevents other road users from having to wait for you and then we stop
get some extra fuel costs